feat(useBoolean): add new hook (#86)
Elonsoft/elonkit-react: src/hooks/useBoolean/useBoolean.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Story, Canvas, ArgsTable } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import LinkTo from '@storybook/addon-links/react';

import * as stories from './useBoolean.stories';

<Meta title="Hooks/useBoolean" />

# useBoolean

> React state hook that tracks and toggles value of a boolean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hook that tracks and toggles value of a boolean.
```
Чтобы как в остальных хуках звучало =)
